Paper: Cloud computing and emerging IT platforms: Vision, hype, and reality for delivering computing as the 5th utilityName: Connor Lindquist	This paper provides an in-depth look into the state of cloud computing, services that stem from it, and where the technology is headed. Cloud computing is being transformed to a model consisting of services that are commoditized much like gas and electricity are. The authors describe the transformation as transforming towards developing software for millions to consume as a service as opposed to something that runs on a computer. They provide sophisticated services accessible over the network and are available anywhere. However, due to their need to be reliable and redundant as well as available all over, lots of new data centers have been established as a fundamental need for a successful service. Virtual Machines are critical to cloud computing services because they allow isolation of the application from the underlying hardware and suit the diverse needs of the end user. Because applications aren't directly tailored to a user they need to be adaptable to fit whatever the cloud user needs. The authors then discuss various progressions of services beginning at grid computing. It enables sharing and aggregation of a wide variety of resources. Similar, is Peer-to-Peer which allows peer nodes to directly share content over a decentralized manner. The latest paradigm, they assert, is cloud computing which promises reliable services delivered through next-generation data centers. The 'computer utilities' vision is becoming a reality with the focus on cloud computing because we're seeing the formation of a worldwide system of computer networks that enables communication from anywhere. Cloud computing enhances this connectivity by providing on-demand data access and robust, always-available infrastructure. One big component of cloud computing is market-oriented cloud architecture, which is responsible for meeting specific quality of service needs that businesses require to meet objectives and sustain operations. They must regulate supply and demand of cloud resources to maintain equilibrium. The researchers suggest there are four main components relevant in the market-oriented architecture: Users/brokers, SLA resources allocator, Virtual Machines, and physical machines. The rest of the paper is about current and future implementations of cloud technologies. It has been suggested that cloud computing is a multi-billion dollar industry and as such many companies are jumping on the opportunity. There are services like Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud, Google App Engine, and Aneka that are all aimed at end-users utilizing the cloud. The most thoroughly discussed platform is Aneka, a framework for building customized applications and deploying them in the cloud. It implements a bi-hierarchical advance reservation mechanism with many services. It intelligently prices usage by computing resource type based on per process per hour usage so as to avoid charging for things like memory. The final section is about MetaCDN, a content delivery service. It harnesses global storage cloud resources and creates an integrated overlay network that offers a low cost, high performance CDN. It matches content onto one or many storage providers based on quality and budget. It also intelligently integrates with many storage providers via connectors that provides a level of abstraction and integrates the core components and management layers. In summary, the authors conclude that there are many challenges ahead of cloud computing but that we can expect to see internetworking leading to global exchange for services.	I thought this was one of the most fascinating papers we've read so far this semester. I thought it was well-written and extremely thorough which made it credible. Specifically, it covered a large variety of topics but chose a few really specific services like MetaCDN and Aneka to further expand on cloud technology and implementation. I liked being able to understand a section at a high level and then to read a real life example a few paragraphs later that put into context why each section is applicable. Furthermore, I thought the use of figures was done well because there weren't many of them but when they were present they assisted in explaining more complicated sections. One downside of the paper is that it is extremely thorough which may not be what some people are looking for. It provides an in-depth high-level analysis of the state of cloud computing technology in the sense that it covers a lot of different topics but tends to go into specific detail about most everything. This would be a disadvantage to a reader who is simply looking to understand the basics of cloud computing.	Reading this paper reminded me of previous work experience I have. About five years ago I was hired to help transition my church at home in the Bay Area from local storage to cloud storage and services. The church has about sixty staff members so it wasn't too substantial of a transition but still presented complexities. It was really fascinating to me to integrate all of their accounts and data because I got to use Microsoft's enterprise cloud services in depth and experience their version of how they felt a migration should be done. It was valuable work experience and was technically challenging but fascinating. Perhaps what was more interesting than the work itself, though, was the worries people voiced about cloud computing. It seems to sometimes almost have a stigma around it because of the way it's a buzzword. The idea of trusting data to be secure in the cloud can be difficult but ultimately it is an advantageous transition because of the connectivity that it promotes. Regardless, even I still have reservations about using the cloud for certain things. I back up a lot of documents to a cloud storage service but also have a redundant physical hard drive that I use to back up my computer. It's interesting to witness the transition towards the cloud and to see how people adapt.